This directory contains example scripts for computing period
solutions to the N-body problem.  

3d.c:  This file contains the equations for the circular restricted
       3-body problem in a rotating frame.   

c.3d:  This is the basic AUTO constants file which is read in
       and modified by all of the scripts.

There are two "basic" AUTO command line user interface scripts.
Basic AUTO CLUI script are run by typing:

auto scriptname

Basic AUTO CLUI scripts always end with the suffix ".auto",
and they provide access to most, but not all, Python
syntax.  The also allow the use of non-standard 
Python syntax such as 'cd /tmp'.


In addition, there are two "expert" AUTO CLUI scripts.  Expert AUTO
CLUI script are run by typing:

autox scriptname

Expert AUTO CLUI scripts always end with the suffix ".autox".
Expert AUTO CLUI scripts provide access to the full capabilities of
the Python language, at the expense of a slightly more cumbersome
syntax.  For example, the non-standard Python syntax 'cd /tmp'
is not allowed, and must be replaced with 'cd ('/tmp')'.  Also,
the AUTO CLUI libraries must be explicitly included 
using the command 'from AUTOclui import *'.

------------------------------------------------------------

compute_lagrange_points_family.auto:

	This is a basic script which computes and plots all of the
	lagrange points as a function of the ratio of the masses of
	the two planets.

compute_lagrange_points_0.5.auto:

	This is a basic script which computes all of the lagrange
	points for the case where the masses of the two planets are
	equal, and saves the data.  This script is used to compute
	starting data for the compute_periodic_family.xauto script.

compute_periodic_family.xauto:

	NOTE: This script depends on the results of the 
	compute_lagrange_points_0.5.auto script, so that
	script must be run before this script is used.

	This is an expert script which starts at a lagrange
	point computed by compute_lagrange_points_0.5.auto
	and continues in the ratio of the masses until
	a specified mass ratio is reached.  It then computes
	a family of periodic orbits for each pair of
	purely complex eigenvalues.  Finally, for each bifurcation
	point detected on the primary branch a bifurcating
	branch is also computed.  E.g. the command
	
	autox compute_periodic_family.xauto l1 0.0123

	computes families of periodic orbits emanating from l1
	for mass ratio 0.0123.

        To run the same problem with branch switching do:

        autox -- compute_periodic_family.xauto -b l1 0.0123

to_matlab.xauto: 

	This script takes a set of AUTO data files and creates
	a set of files formatted for importing into Matlab
	for either plotting or further calculations.
	E.g. the command

	autox to_matlab.xauto foo bar

	will take the solution file 's.foo' and bifurcation diagram
	file 'b.foo' and create the following files:

	'bar_bifur'       :  This files contains the bifurcation diagram
			     from 'b.foo'

	'bar_solution_??' :  These files each contain one solution from
			     the file 's.foo'.  The '??' is replaced
			     with the solution label number.






